Update vignette titles (#148)
epiverse-trace/epidemics: vignettes/time_dependence.Rmd

---

> title: "Modelling time-dependence and seasonality in epidemic parameters"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Modelling time-dependence and seasonality in transmission dynamics"
```

bibliography: references.json
link-citations: true
vignette: >

>   %\VignetteIndexEntry{Modelling time-dependence and seasonality in epidemic parameters}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Modelling time-dependence and seasonality in transmission dynamics}
```
